The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy
The difficulty in life is choice
The trouble with election jokes is that sometimes one gets elected
Middle age is when your broad mind and narrow waist begin to change places
Don't grumble because roses have thorns. Just be thankful thorns have roses
What you have become is the price you paid to get what you used to want
It is better to be small and shine than to be great and cast a shadow
Suspicion is a mental picture seen through an imaginary keyhole
Many a man is saved from being a thief by finding everything locked up
The most flammable kind of wood is the chip on the shoulder
Try to keep an open hand. If you go through life with a clenched fist, nobody can put anything into it
Middle age is when you feel on Saturday night the way you used to feel on Monday morning
Never raise a finger to a cranky child--particularly if he has teeth
Everybody is intelligent only on different subjects
No man is a failure who is enjoying life
If you must cry over spilled milk, condense it
The way to love anything is to realize it might be lost
To stay youthful, stay useful
It is better to tighten your belt than to lose your pants
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself
The greatest power is often simple patience
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow; it only saps today of its strength
The time to relax is when you don't have the time for it
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle
Effort means nothing without results
Whether something is cheap or expensive depends on if you're buying or selling
An advance diagnosis is worth a lot of post-mortems
Love may be blind but marriage is an optometrist
The only man who ever got all his work done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe
Some boys make difficulties; difficulties make some men
It's only eighteen inches between a pat on the back and a kick in the pants
You can always tell luck from ability by its duration
Square meals often make round people
A good way to forget your troubles is to wear tight shoes
Don't pray when it rains if you don't pray when the sun shines
The greatest remedy for anger is delay
It is easy to save face. Just keep the lower half of it tightly shut
A little explained, a little endured, a little forgiven, and a quarrel is cured
Secret of success: Think big, work hard, have a dream
One good turn usually gets the whole blanket
Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get
Middle age is when you stop having emotions and start having symptoms
The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your arm
After a man makes his mark in the world, a lot of people come around with erasers
If you want to leave your footprints in the sands of time, wear your work shoes
The cost of a thing is the amount of life you must exchange for it
To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness
Having fun is like insurance. The older you get, the more it costs
Drive-in banks were established so most of the cars today could see their real owners
Los Angeles is washed by the Pacific Ocean on the West and cleaned by Las Vegas on the East
Have patience; in time the grass becomes milk
May you always have the strength to enjoy your weaknesses
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow
Instead of loving your enemies, treat your friends a little better
Anatomy is something that everyone has, but it looks better on a girl
Boredom is an emptiness filled with insistence
Love is a friendship set to music
Pleasant memories must be arranged for in advance
Home is where you can scratch any place it itches
The best things in life are free. It's the worst things that are so expensive
You have to do your own growing regardless of how tall your grandfather was
Personality is to a man what perfume is to a flower
The trouble with opportunity is that it always looks bigger going than coming
Beautiful young people are accidents of nature. Beautiful old people are works of art
No problem can exist without a solution
Money often costs too much
A girl with cotton stockings never sees a mouse
A friend is a gold link in the chain of life
The penalty of success is to be bored by the people who used to snub you
Many things which seem simple at twenty are impossible at 60 and vice versa
Diplomacy is the art of saying Nice doggie until you can find a rock
A man never knows what he can do until he tries to undo what he has done done
Do something every day to make other people happy; even if it's to leave them alone
The most enduring thing in a woman's life is what she builds in a man's heart
Don't retire; retread
To keep friends, always give your candied opinion
Anyone who angers you, conquers you
When temptation knocks, imagination usually answers
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity
If you want to test your memory, try to remember what you were worrying about one year ago today
There are two well-known finishes for automobiles: lacquer and liquor
The best bridge between despair and hope is a good night's sleep
It's amazing how much you can accomplish when you don't care who gets the credit
Contentment is the smother of invention
The only way some people will get ahead in this world is to have it sculptured
You've reached middle age when your wife tells you to pull in your stomach and you already have
When you're right, no one remembers; when you're wrong; no one forgets
There are three kinds of people: those who make things happen, those who watch things happening, and those who don't know what's happening
Don't criticize your wife's judgment; look whom she married
God gave us a memory so we can have roses in December
Happiness is nothing more than good health and a short memory
Success is won by taking the risk of failure
A halo has to slip only a few inches to become a noose
Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over just sitting there
Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off the goal
Your opinion of the world is chiefly your opinion of yourself
The surest test of a square deal is when both parties are dissatisfied
Make other people like themselves a little better and they'll like you a lot more
A man is always as young as he feels but seldom as important
Anger is only one letter short of danger
The best way to remember your wife's birthday is to forget it once
Work hard!  The job you save may be your own
Stopping at third base adds no more to the score than striking out
People, especially children, need to be loved most when they deserve it least
Psychiatry is the only business where the customer is always wrong
Women's intuition is nothing more than man's transparency
All the things I like to do are: Illegal, Immoral, or Fattening!
If the grass looks greener on the other side... Stop staring. Stop comparing. Stop complaining & Start watering the grass you're standing on!
In order to grow, you need to focus on the things you're not good at and make them better
Be who you NEEDED when you were YOUNGER!
We get our INCOME from what we DO; We get our Wealth by what we OWN
Nothing, absolutely nothing is as precious as your peace of mind
No father benefits his children when he robs them of initiative; do not shield them with a wall of money
Fear is like prayer in reverse
Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly
Anything you fear is much more likely to harm  you than if you did not fear it
Anything that robs you of peace of mind robs you of life's greatest wealth
It is a mistake to deprive people of the need to know life from work
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you’ll never get it done. — Bruce Lee
People who have time on their hands will inevitably waste the time of people who have work to do.  — Thomas Sowell
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.  — Ayn Rand
I manage my time by prioritizing tasks, working smarter not harder, and by avoiding procrastination.   — Jeet Banerjee
Improved productivity means less human sweat, not more. — Henry Ford
People who enjoy meetings should not be in charge of anything.  — Thomas Sowell
Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work in hand. The sun’s rays do not burn until brought to a focus. — Alexander Graham Bell
Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work. — Stephen King
The least productive people are usually the ones who are most in favor of holding meetings. — Thomas Sowell
While one person hesitates because he feels inferior, the other is busy making mistakes and becoming superior.  — Henry C. Link
Wealth is the product of man's capacity to think.  — Ayn Rand
The thing about smart people is that they sound crazy to dumb people. — Steve Jobs
The way we measure productivity is flawed. People checking their phone over dinner is not the measure of productivity
Productivity is never an accident. It is always the result of a commitment to excellence, intelligent planning, and focused effort. — Paul J. Meyer
Simplicity boils down to two steps: Identify the essential. Eliminate the rest. ― Leo Babauta
Happen to things, don't let things happen to you.  — Stephen Covey
It takes considerable knowledge just to realize the extent of your own ignorance.  – Thomas Sowell
My whole philosophy is working smarter and not harder. And making sure I'm using little effort and getting a huge effect. — Anthony Pettis
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.  — Ayn Rand
Some people know the PRICE of everything and the VALUE of nothing!
Remember NOBODY makes you feel inferior without your consent!
Feed your mind little worries & it will develop a hunger for big ones!
When I was young I'd sneak out of my house to go to parties....now I sneak out of parties to go to my house!
Complaining about a problem, without offering a solution, is called whining
I am starting to think I'll never be old enought to know better
Don't be too hard on yourself.  Everyone has a chapter they don't read out loud
Don't take yourself too damn seriously, unless you wish to be damned by others
When you're feeling anxious rmember, ultimately, nothing matters
Many a farmer's land gives the potential for abundance, but he remains poor because he does not realize that potential himself
The two most powerful words are How & Why
Funny how people believe good things happen naturally but bad things are someone's fault
Regardless of what people say about you, you can always take it as a compliment!
Enthusiasm is the great tool of persuasion!
A favor done for YOU should also benefit the person WHO DOES the Favor
Make sure you do the kind of work where you can express yourself;  It is a big step forward toward wealth & peace of mind
On average men spend 1/2 their time thinking about sex.  What they waste the other 1/2 on is beyond me!
To succeed in life, succeed in being yourself
If you expect too much of people, expect to be disappointed
Necessity may be the mother of invention, but her mom is Frustration
Humor is the universal solvent of the obrasive elements of life
Hatred corrods the container it is contained in
People do things for a manager because they HAVE to whereas they do things for a LEADER because they WANT!
If you don't show up 5 minutes early; you're late!
Successful people are willing to do what unsuccessful people are 
Nobody makes you feel inferior, you do that to yourself!
Liberals look at social outcomes & they see large structual forces of inequality while Conservatives see differences in individual's behavor
A society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in
Once you carry your own water, you'll respect the value of every drop
Don't raise your voice.  Improve your argument
Don't lower your standards.  Change your environment
If you find yourself doing something three times a week it should be automated or delegated
A quiet man is a thinking man;  A  quiet woman is usually mad
My ability to remember song lyrics from the 80's far exceeds my ability to remember why I walked into the kitchen
No matter how abstract the painting, artists always sign their names "realistically"
Only when a person wants, needs and most of all, will appreciate your help, can you help them
It's much better to lead a thirsty horse to water..
It's always attractive to do good at someone else's expense
The most difficult thing in the world is to get rid of a government program
Name a government program that has "failed".  Sadly there is no evaluation of evidence!
A society that aims for equality before liberty will end up with neither.  You can only aim at equality by taking away freedom from others
Nobody takes care of someone else's property as compared to their own
Look at the way people vote with their feet before judging a countries virtues
Don't try and catch customers with broccoli.  It might be what they NEED, but they don't WANT it.  Offer them something they WANT!
A present is something you want the person to have; A gift is something they want which is given to them
When is the last time you had your fancy tickled?
We cannot create motivation where motivation does not exist
I find it ironic that a computer is asking me to verify I'm human..
In the 80's we used answering machines so we didn't miss a call, today we use voicemail so we don't have to take one!
Death is a powerful motivator but so is life
Money can solve a lot of problems that not having money creates
In order to make real money you need to work "on" your business not "in" your business
I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you one for failure: try to please everybody! 
Forget world peace; Visualize using your turn signal
My mood ring is missing and I don't know how I feel about that
Despite the high cost of living it remains popular
Do not use "BeefStew" as a password; It is not stroganoff
Trust me, a year from now you'll wish you'd started 2 years ago!
You never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory..
No society has ever thrived because it had a large & growing class of parasites living off those who produce
Sometimes kindness is wiser than truth
It ain't what people know that causes trouble. It's what they "know" that aint so
Some people use statistics like a drunk uses a lamp-post... More for support than illumination
I might have to get a job so I won't have to work so hard
To be wealthy you need to sell your knowledge not your time
The problem with socialism is when you run out of other people's money
Working with bad data is like sweeping a dirt floor.  At some point you just have to accept that you're data is "dirty"
The quest for perfection costs more than lost sales from an inferior product
Perfection is a costly illusion. Good enough is good enough
99.9% finished still means zero sales
If it isn't finished you might as well have been done nothing at all
Remember your goal is to create sales NOT create products
People have no respect for unearned money
Help someone that you know cannot help you back
You'll never be criticized by someone who's doing more than you; only be someone doing less
Everybody has the power to make others happy. Some do it by entering the room while others do it by leaving
Admitting to a mistake, and learning from it, is a sign of a strong person
Be the person your dog thinks you are
No problem is too big to run away from
To be known for something get there firstest with the mostest
Most people that compain about not making enough $ have a BIG TV and a SMALL library
Sales is when you knock on someone's door.  Marketing is getting customers to knock on yours.  Direct Marketing is when they Pound!
Sales people think about their products. Marketers think about their customers
The real value is not your product or service, it is the value perceived in the customer's mind
Practice doesn't make perfect. Perfect practice makes perfect.  Take time to ensure you're learning the best approach
Confidence is the food of the wise man but the liquor of the fool
Everyone deserves a second, second chance
The fastest mammal is a toddler who's been asked "What's in your mouth"
What you KNOW is much more valuable than what you DO!
When elephants fight it is the ants that get hurt. 
In the end you're judged not by what you tried to achieve but what you did achieve
Clinging to our fantasies is understandable but also pathetic
Those who will not reason parish in the act. Those who will not act parish for that reason
With great power comes great abilities to screw things up!
You cannot be free until you understand how old habits, both good & bad, drive your actions
I'd rather be dumb & persistent than smart & impatient
I used to be a people person, but people ruined it for me
Speed requires chaos!
The more secure a person is, the more likely they are to speak the truth
At times I might be out of money, but I'm never out of ideas
Technology is a useful servant but a dangerous master
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm
They don't care how much you know until they know how much you care
People want most what they get the least of (which is typically recognition & appreciation)
Attitude is often as important as aptitude
Thinking is the hardest thing many people have to do & many try not to do it!
Adopt your techniques to an idea, not an idea to your techniques
Success is typically made up of a little genius and a lot of sweat
If you always do what is easy, life will be always be hard
There's no such thing as a stupid question, there are just stupid people asking questions
Most people think too little of themselves, not too much
In the US it is far more likely for someone to fail because THEY believe they're inferior not because someone else does
What I lack in Skills & Abilities I Make up for with Optimisim & Determination
People do not lack intelligence, they lack will and determination
People buy on emotion & justify the purchase with logic. Logic is the answer to unspoken objections. I.e. Why should I buy this thing?
Always give your prospect a reason to believe their emotional decision to buy is backed by a logical justification
Time is not expandable, just expendable.  Stop wasting it & do something important!
Taking action is more important than success or failure
People with little ability overrated themselves while those with great abilities under right themselves
Modest doubt is the beacon of the wise
In life you learn more about what not to do than what to do
Three words not used enough; I don't know
Many people decide what is correct by finding out what other people think is correct
The act of acting is more important than success or failure
People don't quit jobs. They quit their bosses
Answers are like a woman's skirt. They should be long enough to cover the essentials but short enough to be interesting
There's never a right time to do the right thing and there never a wrong time to do the right thing
Resourcesfulness is about never taking a "no"
YOU either give or deny permission to your past to control your future
Don't undervalue what is "common knowledge" to YOU but not to everyone else
People don't place value on (or extract value from) free: advice, ideas, information, or services
Expertise must be measured by its IMPACT, not by the TIME it takes to dispense it
Practice, without adjusting your approach, is foolish
Avoid critisim by: Doing nothing, Saying Nothing, Being Nothing
One of the great mistakes is to judge policies & programs by their intentions rather than their results
With some notable exceptions, businessmen favor free enterprise in general but are opposed to it when it comes to themselves
The government is making people "criminals", who may be doing something you don't approve of, but who are doing something that hurts nobody else
The society that puts equality before freedom will end up with neither. The society that puts freedom before equality will end up with a great measure of both
Governments never learn; only people learn
The great virtue of a free market system is that it does not care what color people are; it does not care what their religion is; it only cares whether they can produce something you want to buy. It is the most effective system we have discovered to enable people who hate one another to deal with one another and help one another
There are four ways in which you can spend money. You can spend your own money on yourself. When you do that, why then you really watch out what you’re doing, and you try to get the most for your money. Then you can spend your own money on somebody else. For example, I buy a birthday present for someone. Well, then I’m not so careful about the content of the present, but I’m very careful about the cost. Then, I can spend somebody else’s money on myself. And if I spend somebody else’s money on myself, then I’m sure going to have a good lunch! Finally, I can spend somebody else’s money on somebody else. And if I spend somebody else’s money on somebody else, I’m not concerned about how much it is, and I’m not concerned about what I get. And that’s government
Worry less about who you might offend and think more about who you might inspire
When people aim for high levels of loyalty, not profits, they get both
For most businesses its better to find products & services for their customers instead of customers for their products & services
You are not selling your product or service. You are selling the transformation / outcome /removal of the problem!
Success is a process, not an event
Astonish your customers
If you hire the best, you're only going to cry once
You can't control what happens to you, but you can control your responses!
Put systems in place that will allow ordinary people to do extraordinary things
Without documenation, all routinzed work turns into exceptions
The willingness to do what it takes is more important than the knowledge to do it
Time is money. You're either spending it or investing it
Customers that outgrow you / no longer have a need for you are a GREAT source for referrals / testimonials!
A smart man knows what to say.  A wise man knows if he should say it
You don't get what you deserve, you get what you negotiate
If you give a person too much, too soon, they'll fall in love with your hand, not your heart
If you really want something, you'll find a way. If you dont you'll find an excuse
Children need to learn to take responsibility so they don't become adults believing that nothing is their fault
You don't earn trust by telling people what you did right
"Attention span" doesn't exist!  People have infinite attention when you're entertaining & relevant
Success comes in cans.  (not in cannots)
I know I have the right to remain silent, I just don't have the ability